Elon Musk Warren Buffett Mark Zuckerberg
you interested in joining the club of
insanely rich and successful well before
you start counting your billions you
first gotta start thinking like a
millionaire baby steps right to adopt a
millionaire mindset you gotta visualize
your dreams well this may sound pretty
obvious or even weird but it really
works you need to imagine things you
want to achieve there are a lot of ways
you can do it close your eyes and
visualize your dreams try to pay
attention to every little detail you're
buying your dream home you're working
out at the gym whatever it is you want
to accomplish see it vividly in your
mind another way you can do it is
writing start writing your thoughts and
ideas into a diary it'd be really
awesome if you try to do it the
old-fashioned way you know with a pen
and paper how archaic the point is that
all these actions will stimulate your
brain to find solutions and ways to
achieve your goals if you have a
concrete vision of your future your
brain will adapt and involve all kinds
of resources to fulfill your dream
become a learning machine make learning
an essential part of your life try
different things take different courses
in lessons learned from the best read
all kinds of books watch movies and
documentaries get out and see the world
or even your hometown turn your brain
into a real treasure house filled with a
whole slew of information even if it's
some museum exhibit about ancient
pottery techniques you never know what
knowledge or experience will be useful
for you in the future
a thirst for knowledge gets you ready
for anything that might arise what's
even better is you can find like-minded
individuals to talk about these new
things with conversation really help
submit information into your mind find a
balance between perseverance and
flexibility one of the hardest things
for successful people is figuring out
how to turn an idea into a product if
you want to achieve something great you
must truly believe in what you've
envisioned
even if you have to be stubborn about it
this will show people around you that
you're really serious about your
intentions they'll see that you're not
the type of person that gives up easily
but at the same time you also have to be
ready to change some details of your
plan or to compromise if it's really
necessary this will help you actualize
your ideas plus it's a great way to find
different approaches to a problem
basically you need to learn how to
balance being a person who's ready to do
anything for what they believe in and
someone who's always open for discussion
if it makes sense in executing a plan or
idea it's all in the attitude how you
feel about your work can make or break
your future success try to think about
it like what job would I choose if I
didn't need a job at all it must be
something that helps you accomplish your
goals and unlock your potential it needs
to be your passion if you're sitting
there counting down the hours until it's
time to go home
then you'll probably need to find
something that fits you better I know
easier said than done when you've got
bills to pay but that's where the whole
personal pursuit of knowledge comes in
also known as learn about a sphere
you're interested in and if you have
some big dream you want to achieve but a
bad attitude makes you immediately brush
it off as impossible then learn to work
towards your goals in baby steps break
it up into smaller parts that you can
achieve gradually rome wasn't built in a
day right
neither are millionaires unless they
inherited their riches and in that case
yeah well it probably happened pretty
fast don't be afraid to experiment going
about a problem or plan the traditional
way might seem safe and if it worked for
everyone else it should work for you
right yeah I wouldn't count on it
the millionaire mindset takes a
different approach find your own even
better way of doing things creating new
approaches will give you a new
perspective on old problems and help you
find more effective solutions an
essential part of this tip is being
yourself I know it sounds so cliche but
here
don't try to repeat the path of someone
who succeeds in life you are an
individual with your own unique skills
and knowledge don't compare yourself to
others pave your own way don't wait for
approval from others I know there's a
whole thing about humans being social
creatures and we depend on others but
there are exceptions you must always
remember why you're working toward
something here's a hit you're doing it
for yourself don't wait until other
people start noticing you or showering
you with praise or of course there's the
other end of that stick everyone else
starts putting you down and telling you
that you're wasting your time don't live
your life based on what other people
think about you just stop worrying about
their opinions if you're really set on
achieving something then it doesn't
matter how others feel about it you do
you and let others do them unless one of
you is doing something destructive or
hurtful of course that being said accept
criticism not giving two hoots about
other people's opinions will help you
achieve your goals but there is one
exception here if you're constantly
being criticized for an idea then don't
take it personally but also don't ignore
it entirely if it's constructive
criticism that is it has some kind of
logical backing then think of it as free
advice this kind of feedback can help
steer you in a better direction remember
the whole thing about getting different
perspectives or better solutions that
you might not have thought of yep that's
what I'm talking about
plus it's also a really great way to
know people's needs the right kind of
criticism is a tool you should take
advantage of and millionaires know that
understand that you're only human unless
you're a Klingon failure is not the end
of the world you have to be brave enough
to look in the mirror and ask yourself
why something didn't work maybe you need
to beef up your skills perhaps it's just
the wrong place and wrong time for your
idea you know the right answer to this
question don't even bother trying to
avoid mistakes they're inevitable
because you're human think of it as a
necessary part of the
process turn your failure into wisdom
learn from your mistakes they usually
end up teaching us the best as a result
all the mistakes that you've ever made
we'll give you more experience and
understanding of how to do something
right the next time you also know what
things to avoid if you come across a
similar problem in the future that's the
struggle or perhaps the beauty of being
human
mistakes are in our blood nobody's
perfect and you shouldn't expect
yourself to be don't overthink I know
it's easier said than done when all
those thoughts come flooding into your
mind will I succeed or not am I the
right person for this maybe I should
just give up that's why you just have to
turn off your brain and silence those
thoughts all they do is put you under a
bunch of pressure and stress you out
yeah there will be a lot of unpleasant
moments in your life so you need to be
ready to handle them there will be times
when you feel that you're stuck or even
broken but you have to fight those
thoughts with logic I can do this
because I'm smart driven and I have a
plan
success all starts in your head you just
have to train your brain to think like a
millionaire so which of these
million-dollar tips are you gonna start
working on first let me know down in the
comments don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life